welcome back to Ivy's kitchen gamma hate
that Troy that means Happy New Year I'm
not sure if I pronounced that correctly
but because Chinese New Year is just
around the corner I wanted to make pot
stickers pot stickers is a dumpling that
is steamed and fried if you want the
recipe for this please check out let's I
be cooking duck blogspot.com
and if you're interested in seeing my
version keep on watching please visit
what's ID cookie dot blog spot.com for
the complete recipe clean shrimp by
peeling the tail and skin off as shown
to vein the shrimp by running your knife
on the back of the shrimp use your
fingers to open the shrimp and remove
the digestive tract as shown
boil water and let your shiitake
mushroom steep in this water until
rehydrated finally chop up your green
onions we don't want big chunks of green
onions in our mixture and peel the skin
off of your shallot and finely mince we
also don't want big chunks of shallots
in our mixture drain your water
chestnuts and finely mince as shown
grate your garlic and ginger it's easier
to grate 8 ginger when it is frozen
once your shiitake mushrooms have been
rehydrated you want to squeeze off the
excess water and chop finely as shown
rinse your shrimp off with water and
finely chop in a bowl combine your
ground pork your shrimp green onions
shallots ginger and garlic shiitake
mushrooms and water chestnuts has a Xiao
Jing wine the sesame oil the soy sauce
some salt sugar white pepper and an egg
incorporate all these ingredients by
mixing this mixture with your hands
whence mix add your cornstarch and mix
again please visit
what's IV cooking blog spot.com for the
complete recipe place a TSP of the
sealing in the center of the dough dab a
little water with your finger and circle
around the edge fold the pot sticker and
pleat it as shown I do about six to
eight please
when I am done pleading it I like to
flatten the bottom with my hand place
potstickers in the pan and add chicken
broth until chicken broth reaches
halfway up place the cover and we are
gonna steam the potstickers for about 3
minutes take the cover off and let the
broth evaporate once evaporated add some
oil and let the potstickers fry until
golden brown on the bottom
thank you for watching IV's kitchen
please don't forget to subscribe for my
recipes please visit whats IV cooking
dot blog spot.com you can also find me
on facebook or instagram until next time
happy cooking